GAMEBOY FROGGER - BUGS AND COMMENTS

#    ID#  Class     Status    Verify    Description
001  001  A              Sometimes the Lady Frog is not visible on
a log,                        yet when you jump onto a log you hear
the sound                          cue of Frogger picking up the
Lady Frog and                           Frogger starts flashing.
Basically, the Lady Frog                          is sometimes not
displayed.     

002  002  A              The sound of the time bar at the bottom of
the                           screen does not always play.
Sometimes you here                      the sound and sometimes you
don't. Awaiting new                          sound.

003  003  A              The game is too hard and needs to be
tweaked. Game                      starts to get unfair starting at
level 4. It is                          impossible to get past
level 6 without the cheat.

004  004  A              Remove cheat code from program. Holding
down A & B 
                         buttons when powering up GameBoy corrupts
the word
                         Licensed on the title screen.

005  005  A              Code needs to be registered. ASCII code
for the                       Game Title has not been entered.
Destination code                        is now set to 00H and it
should be 01H. Check                              GameBoy
Development Manual for correct entries.

006  006  B              When you hop or scroll off the right side
of the                        screen, you do not hear the die sound
or see the                         skull graphic as you do when you
go off the left                         side of the screen.

007  007  B              The shadow of the second row of trucks on
level                         one extend 1 pixel too high and can
be seen in                              front of windshield. 

008  008  A              Incorporate a Majesco and Morning Star
Multimedia                         logo screens before Title
screen. The words                            Licensed by Nintendo
need to appear on the Legal                       screen as well.

009  009  A              Incorporate a new credit screen with my
name as:                      TESTING: ROBERT PRESCOTT


